# Coursera_Capstone
Interest in vegetarian and vegan foods have been growing rapidly in recent years, and it is now easier than ever to find vegetarian and vegan foods when dining out. Many places not only offer salads and soups that are vegetarian or vegan, but foods that are traditionally non-vegetarian such as burgers and pizzas have vegetarian and vegan variations as well. However, not all places in the U.S. are equally vegetarian and vegan friendly (ie. restaurants don’t have many items for vegetarian or vegans to choose from). Generally, cities are better compared to rural areas, and within cities some neighborhoods are better than others. This project uses Foursquare data to find the number of vegetarian/vegan food places in each neighborhood of New York City (all five boroughs) and show this visually on a map, so vegetarians and vegans know which neighborhoods to visit the next time they dine out, and tourists can likewise know which neighborhoods to book their stay for the optimal food experience. The project will also identify the different categories of vegetarian/vegan food places (such as Italian restaurants, coffee shops, bars, etc.) in NYC and mark them clearly on a map for easy viewing, because currently there are two main inconveniences with using Foursquare for vegetarian/vegan searches: 1) search results sometimes return places that have only 1 or 2 items that are vegetarian or vegan, which is not ideal for people who want a variety of items to choose from; 2) the category of vegetarian/vegan restaurant is not specified on the search page, and users sometimes have to dig through photos and tips to understand the types of foods offered at the place. Hence this project seeks to address these issues and make Foursquare location data more useful to vegetarians, vegans, and anyone interested in vegetarian and vegan food.
